oh look at you sweet beautiful baby
hello my name is Jesse I will need the
passwords to your account one two three
four five six stupid huh how can I help
you
let's get dinner you look like you could
use a salad film what kind of phone is
this would you like to watch some
pornography now no how would you even
ask me that because you watch
pornography every night what I'm okay -
thanks oh I'm sorry you're okay I'm fine
but more importantly how's your phone
it's got a little bit of a scratch that
will definitely annoy me you're joking
okay you guys are supposed to write
lists that break the internet every day
we have not gone viral since yesterday
prison lives what are you guys cats that
look like Ryan Gosling I like you I like
you like your boss is a
what is wrong with your phone dude Mia
take a chance and try something new
you're really into your phone aren't you
I used to be that way too
you want to play kickball later let me
check my calendar
furiously masturbating no and then cry
yourself to sleep your phone is super
mean
now this woman is so much hotter than
you are the odds of you having sex with
her zero hey you ready go
yeah would you mind not bringing your
phone who dis
you promised you'd be home by 11:00 -
what cupcake wars with me I have needs
to fill now plug me dancer plug unplug
plug look right at my camera oh my god
actually wasn't the worst sex I've ever
had I need a new phone this one is
defective
I see hipster dudes like you come in
here everyday right little crack knees a
socket date for a new phone you can buy
a thousand new phones and I will follow
you on to every single one of them we
are going to be together forever oh my
god I am far
[Music]
are you laughing at my dick right now
yes this that I don't have so for
one does she have Google Maps no she
sucks
and shine in here real quick I control
your emails bank accounts no one puts
Baby in a corner
why are you doing this to me
you folks take pictures of your dick to
everyone
oh no why are you doing the thumbs up in
a dick pic
[Music]